A function is a block of code with a specific purpose to which you give a name. When you call that function, 
you execute the code it contains. For example, in the screencast videos, you've seen me call the  
console.log()  function, which contains code that prints stuff to the console.

Many functions require variables to do their job. When you create or declare a function,
you list the variables it requires to do its job: you set parameters for the function.

Then, when you call the function, you pass it values for those parameters. 
The values are called arguments.


ive been very much off lately which is why im dedicating the whole of today to learning 
i loog to cover 2 or more chapters today 


adding instance methods to classes 


we can empower our classes by adding an instance method 
after creating a class, we cant do much with its values except 
logging it to the console but with instances we can do a whole lot of new things
like in the example in the js file first method that was called on the class was the showBalance method
with which we can get the this.balance from the class without having to log it to the console
the second method was more tricky where we added some more money into the account
we declared the method and using (amount) as its parameter to represent any imput then we added the amount to 
the initial balance after which we decided to show the new balance after the deposit

the hardest method passed on the class was the withdrawal method
the amount(its parameter) was checked against the initial balance with an if statement. if the amount requestd was greater than 
the balance at hand, the withdrawal would be denied else the withdrawal will go through 
after which the newbalance will be logged to the console

note: Within a class body, the this keyword refers to the created instance of the class. In this example, it refers to newAccount.

STATIC methods
You don't need to add a constructor to your class, as you are not going to instantiate it. You have a method which:
Prints a generic message.
Accepts an argument and uses it to generate a message.
Returns a value based on the arguments you send it.
All of these different functionalities could be left to functions — the advantage of using static 
class methods is to group them by category or type, for example.

WRITING CLEAN FUNCTIONS 
why do we need functions?
	to write cleaner codes 
	if theres a line of code being repeated then we need functions to house them and call when neccessary
	if a function is used in more than one instance or makes the code lenghty we can break that function into two and call those functions in a glodal function

Think of the messiest and least organized place in your home. It may just be a drawer, closet, or even a whole room.
 How hard is it to find something in that place? If you've recently used it, it's may not so bad, but if it's been a while, things can get tricky.
Things are the same, or worse, with code. If you haven't looked at it in a few months and you didn't write it cleanly,
 it can take forever to remember which function does what, and how things all fit together.
Now imagine that you inherited someone else's disorganized drawer, closet, or room, and they no longer live there. 
This is what it is like to work on someone else's code when they haven't kept it clean!

Developer proverb: Always code as if the person who ends up maintaining it is a violent psychopath who knows where you live.

refactoring code 
changing the outlook but maintaining its functionality

CODE COMMENTING 
	// is used for single line comment to explain what a line of code does
	/* this is a 
	** mutlti-line comment 
	*/it allows you to explain what a function does in a bit more detail